c:\users\fatec-lab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\bin\Debug\ClinicaMedica.exe.config
c:\users\fatec-lab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\bin\Debug\Database1.mdf
c:\users\fatec-lab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\bin\Debug\Database1_log.ldf
c:\users\fatec-lab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\bin\Debug\ClinicaMedica.exe
c:\users\fatec-lab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\bin\Debug\ClinicaMedica.pdb
c:\users\fatec-lab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\obj\Debug\ClinicaMedica.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fatec-lab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\obj\Debug\ClinicaMedica.Form1.resources
c:\users\fatec-lab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\obj\Debug\ClinicaMedica.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\fatec-lab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\obj\Debug\ClinicaMedica.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\fatec-lab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\obj\Debug\ClinicaMedica.exe
c:\users\fatec-lab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\obj\Debug\ClinicaMedica.pdb
C:\Users\tadeu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\bin\Debug\Database1.mdf
C:\Users\tadeu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\bin\Debug\Database1_log.ldf
C:\Users\tadeu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\bin\Debug\ClinicaMedica.exe.config
C:\Users\tadeu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\bin\Debug\ClinicaMedica.exe
C:\Users\tadeu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\bin\Debug\ClinicaMedica.pdb
C:\Users\tadeu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\obj\Debug\ClinicaMedica.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\tadeu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\obj\Debug\ClinicaMedica.Form1.resources
C:\Users\tadeu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\obj\Debug\ClinicaMedica.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\tadeu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\obj\Debug\ClinicaMedica.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\tadeu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\obj\Debug\ClinicaMedica.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\tadeu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\obj\Debug\ClinicaMedica.exe
C:\Users\tadeu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ClinicaMedica\ClinicaMedica\obj\Debug\ClinicaMedica.pdb
